delivery_carrier_label_postlogistics/README.rst, before:

.. image:: https://img.shields.io/badge/licence-AGPL--3-blue.svg
    :alt: License: AGPL-3

PostLogistics Labels WebService
===============================

This module uses `PostLogistics BarCodes WebService`_ to generate labels
for your Delivery Orders.

It adds a `Create label` button on Delivery Orders.
A generated label will be an attachement of your Delivery Order.

To see it, please install documents module.

You can create multiple delivery method to match your diffent package types.


Configuration
-------------

.. important::
   A "Swiss Post Business customer" account is required to use this module.

   See `Swiss Post E-logistics`_


To configure:

* Go to `Configurations -> Settings -> Postlogistics`
* Set your login informations
* launch the Update PostLogistics Services

This will load available services and generate carrier options.

Now you can create a carrier method for PostLogistics WebService:

* First choose a Service group and save
* Add a Mandatory Carrier option using a Basic Service
* Save Carrier Method (this will update filters to show you only
  compatible services)
* Then add other `Optional as default` and `Optional` carrier option
  from listed
* Additional Service and Delivery instructions

.. _PostLogistics BarCodes WebService: http://www.poste.ch/post-startseite/\
post-geschaeftskunden/post-logistik/post-e-log/post-e-log-webservices.htm
.. _Swiss Post E-logistics: http://www.poste.ch/en/post-startseite/\
post-geschaeftskunden/post-logistik/post-e-log.htm


Recommended modules
-------------------

* PostLogistics labels - logo per Shop
  If you have multiple shops configure one logo per shop

Technical references
--------------------

`"Barcode" web service documentation`_

.. _"Barcode" web service documentation: http://www.poste.ch/post-barcode-cug\
.htm


Credits
=======

Contributors
------------

* Yannick Vaucher <yannick.vaucher@camptocamp.com>
* Guewen Baconnier <guewen.baconnier@camptocamp.com>

Maintainer
----------

.. image:: http://odoo-community.org/logo.png
   :alt: Odoo Community Association
   :target: http://odoo-community.org

This module is maintained by the OCA.

OCA, or the Odoo Community Association, is a nonprofit organization whose
mission is to support the collaborative development of Odoo features and
promote its widespread use.

Commit message:

[PORT] delivery_carrier_label_postlogistics port to 9.0 - Reactivate - Move files in views and models - Adapt XML views - Update README.rst
[PORT] delivery_carrier_label_postlogistics - move license config in a separate view list. This fix an issue of write on related One2many in res.config.settings object

Update README.rts with links and requirements

Add missing set default on licenses

Use short license header

Set module category

<openerp> replaced by <odoo> tag in xml files

Update README.rst

Fix postlogistics tests

delivery_carrier_label_postlogistics/README.rst, after:

.. image:: https://img.shields.io/badge/licence-AGPL--3-blue.svg
   :target: http://www.gnu.org/licenses/agpl-3.0-standalone.html
   :alt: License: AGPL-3

===============================
PostLogistics Labels WebService
===============================

This module uses `PostLogistics BarCodes WebService`_ to generate labels
for your Delivery Orders.

It adds a `Create label` button on Delivery Orders.
A generated label will be an attachement of your Delivery Order.

To see it, please install documents module.

You can create multiple delivery method to match your diffent package types.

Installation
------------

As a requirement you need to install `suds-jurko` library. It will fail with the
latest and outdated version of `suds`.
https://pypi.python.org/pypi/suds-jurko/0.6

Configuration
-------------

.. important::
   A "Swiss Post Business customer" account is required to use this module.

   See `Log in`_


To configure:

* Go to `Configurations -> Settings -> Postlogistics`
* Set your login informations
* launch the Update PostLogistics Services

This will load available services and generate carrier options.

Now you can create a carrier method for PostLogistics WebService:

* First choose a Service group and save
* Add a Mandatory Carrier option using a Basic Service
* Save Carrier Method (this will update filters to show you only
  compatible services)
* Then add other `Optional as default` and `Optional` carrier option
  from listed
* Add additional Service and Delivery instructions

.. _PostLogistics BarCodes WebService: https://www.post.ch/en/business/a-z-of-subjects/dropping-off-mail-items/business-sending-letters/sending-consignments-web-service-barcode
.. _Log in: https://account.post.ch/selfadmin/?login&lang=en


Technical references
--------------------

`"Barcode" web service documentation`_

.. _"Barcode" web service documentation: https://www.post.ch/en/business/a-z-of-subjects/dropping-off-mail-items/business-sending-letters/barcode-support


Bug Tracker
===========

Bugs are tracked on `GitHub Issues
<https://github.com/OCA/carrier-delivery/issues>`_. In case of trouble, please
check there if your issue has already been reported. If you spotted it first,
help us smashing it by providing a detailed and welcomed feedback.


Credits
=======

Contributors
------------

* Yannick Vaucher <yannick.vaucher@camptocamp.com>
* Guewen Baconnier <guewen.baconnier@camptocamp.com>

Maintainer
----------

.. image:: http://odoo-community.org/logo.png
   :alt: Odoo Community Association
   :target: http://odoo-community.org

This module is maintained by the OCA.

OCA, or the Odoo Community Association, is a nonprofit organization whose
mission is to support the collaborative development of Odoo features and
promote its widespread use.
